now that our users are able to be created and then log in and out of their account.
Next page we want to build is the edit,
your account or the Account Settings Page.
We've already set this up in our server on a previous lecture,
so let's look at the router weaken.
See that account slash edit maps to handlers dot account edit.
So I'm gonna open up the handlers page,
and we can fill out this handlers dot account edit function.
So I once again I'm going to copy one of the existing ones.
Though it's worth mentioning,
we're going to be missing some of the metadata in the template data because since this is a
protected page,
there's no real reason to put a meta description in the head.
There's no way that the Google bots or any other scraper could possibly scrape that meta
description,
so we want to say,
Hit it your account and the handler again is gonna be called account at it.
In the template data.
We want to say that the title,
which is still visible in the tab in the browser it's going to be account settings,
were going to get rid of the meta description as I mentioned,
and in the body class is going to be account at it.
Everything else can remain the same,
except that get template should be getting account at it as well.
Let's go ahead and create that template,
so I'm gonna call touch templates account.
Edit html.
Open that up and now we can fill this out.
This is what this is going to look like.
It's going to have a title account settings,
horizontal rule,
a sub header saying Edit your account details and then two separate forms.
Up until now,
no pages had more than one form.
This page does,
and they have two different i DS,
but they both put to the same place they put to a P I slash users.
We need to make some updates to app dot Js.
So I've done that here.
That was mostly related to allowing a page to have more than one form at a time.
We've also added some helpers for loading data on a page when the paint is loaded.
Until now,
rendering the sign up form,
rendering the log in form or rendering the index haven't required any data to be pulled in
and shown to the user.
But the account settings page is different because the form that holds your first name,
last name and phone number shouldn't be rendered blank.
We need to render the form and then load it up with any of your existing settings.
And so we are actually have a special load account edit page that gets called by this low
data on Page Helper.
Low Data on Page gets called as part of the initialization bootstrapping.
Besides that,
most of this file is fairly unchanged again.
There has been some CSS added,
but there's no reason to jump into that.
Okay,
let's start this app again.
Note index dot Js Now let's go back to our lab log in one more time.
I'm just gonna move this console out of the way.
Now we're at the check slash All page with still doesn't exist.
So we actually need to go back to the home page and then click on account set.
ICS now were taken to the account settings page.
You can see that the phone number is filled in,
but that is an immutable field.
First name and last name are both available to change and password can be changed.
So I'm gonna change my name from John to Johnny Smith,
Smithy,
and save those changes,
we can see the changes have been saved.
If we refresh this page,
they persist.
And I'm going to change my password to just the word password,
which,
of course,
you should never do.
But for this example,
I am,
And that has been saved as well.
All this kind of error handling and success messaging is now built in to the app dot Js and
it's styled by the CSS.
If we refresh the account settings,
page that message and goes away,
I can log out and log in again with the new password,
which is dressed password,
and I back in at the check slash all Pidge.
So everything seems to be working fine.
We can kill this server and move on to the next lecture.